# Homework 2 - Life
## Tyler Taormina - taormina@pdx.edu

- For homework 2, we were given the task of implementing the "Game of Life" on the Microbit-V2 board. This was to be done with the 5x5 LED array provided by the board. Since we were given the code that describes the logic of the game, our task was to implement the logic that would interact with hardware according to the homework specifications. I wrote this project twice, once in a way that came more instictively to me and the second in a way that attempted to be more "Rusty". The inspiration for this second version of the program came from one of the lectures where Bart demonstrated the life program using Rust's match flow control feature and the idea of the program as a State Machine. I really liked this idea of a State Machine and did a bit of reading on someways this could be done in Rust. One article I found interesting and helpful was https://hoverbear.org/blog/rust-state-machine-pattern/. Something that stood out to me was that one of the goals of the author's code was to generate as many errors as possible at compile time. This aligned closely with some of the lectures where I remember hearing that this is one of the benefits of Rust over C/C++. Errors generated at compile time are much easier to debug than run time errors. That being said, the whole article is well written and worth a read in my opinion. More specific to this course though, I spent a large portion of my time readig the Microbit-V2 crate documentation, more time than I did actually writing code. I felt like this was good practice since it sounds like embedded developers often spend time educating themselves on the boards they are programming on through either manufacturer or third-party provided documentation. Altogether it was a fun project that taught me about Rust, the microbit-v2, and embedded programming. Please feel free to leave any feedback as I am always looking to get better! 

Tyler 